Review Environment

Submission ID: 74fda6f4-4a2b-45ba-9682-da090d845690
Review date: November 02, 2025
Version reviewed: 1.0


Guideline 2.3.6 - Performance - Accurate Metadata

The content description selected for the app’s Age Rating indicates that the app includes In-App Controls. However, we were unable to find either Parental Controls or Age Assurance mechanisms in the app.

Next Steps

If the app currently includes these features, reply to this message and let us know how to locate them.

Otherwise, update the Age Rating selections to "None" for both "Parental Controls" and "Age Assurance." Age Rating selections can be found on the App Information page after selecting the app in App Store Connect.

Resources

- Learn more about In-App Controls in Age ratings values and definitions.
- Learn more about age rating requirements in guideline 2.3.6.


Guideline 5.1.1(v) - Data Collection and Storage
Issue Description

The app supports account creation but does not include an option to initiate account deletion. Apps that support account creation must also offer account deletion to give users more control of the data they've shared while using an app.

Follow these requirements when updating an app to support account deletion:

- Only offering to temporarily deactivate or disable an account is insufficient.
- If users need to visit a website to finish deleting their account, include a link directly to the website page where they can complete the process.
- Apps may include confirmation steps to prevent users from accidentally deleting their account. However, only apps in highly-regulated industries may require users to use customer service resources, such as making a phone call or sending an email, to complete account deletion.

Next Steps

Update the app to support account deletion. If the app already supports account deletion, reply to App Review in App Store Connect and identify where to locate this feature.

If the app is unable to offer account deletion or needs to provide additional customer service flows to facilitate and confirm account deletion, either because the app operates in a highly-regulated industry or for some other reason, reply to App Review in App Store Connect and provide additional information or documentation. For questions regarding legal obligations, check with legal counsel.

Resources

Review frequently asked questions and learn more about the account deletion requirements.


Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed

We have started the review of your app, but we are not able to continue because we cannot locate the in-app purchases, such as Preimum Use, within your app at this time.

Next Steps

To help us proceed with the review of your app, please reply to this message providing the steps for locating the in-app purchases in your app.

Note that in-app purchases are reviewed in an Apple-provided sandbox environment. Make sure they have been appropriately configured for review in the Apple-provided sandbox environment.

If you are restricting access to in-app purchases based on factors such as storefront or device configurations, please include this information in your reply along with steps to enable the in-app purchases for our review. 

Additionally, note that the Account Holder must accept the Paid Apps Agreement in the Business section of App Store Connect before paid in-app purchases will function.

Resources

- Learn more about offering in-app purchases. 
- Learn more about testing in sandbox.



Guideline 3.1.1 - Business - Payments - In-App Purchase

The app offers in-app purchases that can be restored but does not include a "Restore Purchases" feature to allow users to restore the previously purchased in-app purchases.

Next Steps

To restore previously purchased in-app purchase products, it would be appropriate to provide a distinct "Restore" button and initiate the restore process when the "Restore" button is tapped by the user. Note that automatically restoring purchases on launch will not resolve this issue.

Resources

- Review documentation for the In-App Purchase API.
- Learn more about in-app purchase requirements in guideline 3.1.1.

Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.
