NewhomePage Privacy Policy

NewhomePage delivers analytics and other data-related services to small and medium-sized businesses, marketing companies, enterprises, and other organizations. The data is typically used by our customers for research, validation and verification services, marketing communications, targeting advertising, and similar uses. 

Privacy Notice for California Residents

Privacy Notice for Colorado Residents

Privacy Notice for Connecticut Residents

Privacy Notice for Virginia Residents

 

Scope of this Privacy Policy

NewhomePage has created this privacy policy to demonstrate its commitment to privacy. This privacy policy applies to all visitors (individuals or businesses) to NewhomePage.com and all NewhomePage subsidiaries and describes how we use and share the personal information that we gather on our website. This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that NewhomePage does not own or control, or to individuals and businesses that NewhomePage does not employ or manage. Further, our customers’ use of our services and any data we provide to them is subject to the customers’ privacy policies and practices, not this one.

NewhomePage does not knowingly collect personal information about children. If we discover we have collected personal information from an individual under 18, we will delete that information from our systems.

Opt-Out

NewhomePage appreciates and understands the importance of privacy. Any individual visitor (consumer or business) to NewhomePage can choose to Opt-Out, so information about them is not shared with NewhomePage customers. To “Opt-Out”, please fill out the form on our Opt-Out page or send an email to sales@NewhomePage.com with your email address, full name, street address, date of birth and phone number.

Collection of Information on Our Website

Information We Collect Directly. NewhomePage collects personal information when visitors provide such information on our website, such as during registration, to request services, or through contact forms. We also may collect payment and authentication information depending on the services that you request from us.

Information We Collect Automatically. NewhomePage automatically receives and stores certain types of information whenever a visitor interacts with the NewhomePage website. For example, NewhomePage automatically receives and records certain “traffic data” on our server logs, including a visitor’s IP address, the page requested, and interactions with the NewhomePage website. NewhomePage also automatically collects usage information, such as the number of and frequency of visitors to our site and their use of the NewhomePage service.

 

How We Use the Information We Collect

We use your information to provide our services and as described below.

Customer Service. To contact subscribers regarding their account status and changes to subscriber agreements, to respond to sales inquiries, and for other customer service-related purposes.
Marketing. To contact customers about special promotions, product release notices, and other information we think may be of interest to customers, including to send promotions via email.
Optimization and Personalization. To tailor the content and information that we may send or display, to offer location customization (where permitted by applicable law), personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using our website or our services.
Improve and Analyze Services. To assess how customers use our services, to improve our services, to develop new products and services, and to provide statistical information to our partners about how customers use Versium.
Email Campaigns. To assess the success of marketing campaigns. For example, NewhomePage may receive a confirmation when an email sent by NewhomePage is opened. This enables us to make emails more relevant and interesting.
In addition, we may use aggregate and de-identified information for various other marketing, research and analysis purposes.

 

How We Share the Information We Collect

We may share your information as follows:

‍Marketing Partners. We do not share your information with companies that we believe might offer products and services of interest to you.
‍Our customers. We also may share information with those customers who hire us to perform analytics on their behalf. For information on how to opt-out, please see the opt-out section above.
‍Service Providers. We do not share the information we collect from you to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf.
We also may share your information in the following circumstances and with the following persons/entities:

‍Business Transfers. If we are acquired by or merge with another company, or if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company (including as part of bankruptcy proceedings), we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company.
‍‍In Response to Legal Process. We may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, judicial proceedings, a court order, subpoena or other legal process.
‍‍To Protect Us and Others. We may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information. We may share aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes.
 

Third Party Links and Services

 

NewhomePage may permit third parties to offer subscription or registration-based services through the NewhomePage website and may provide links to third party websites. NewhomePage is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. Visitors should check the applicable privacy policy of such party when providing personally identifiable information. Visitors should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personal information to such third parties, that this information may result in unsolicited messages. Such activities are beyond the control of Versium.

Security

NewhomePage uses systems and procedures to safeguard its data. However, as no protection measure is 100% secure, we cannot guarantee against unauthorized or illegal access, disclosure, modification, or loss of data.

Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies

Visitors should be aware that we may collect information (for example, domain names or IP addresses) through our website using cookies and other technologies.

Cookies. Cookies are small unique strings of letters and numbers that are stored on your computer to make it easier for a website to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate a visitor’s ongoing access to and use of our website, track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. If a visitor does not want information collected through the use of cookies, most browsers allow the visitor to deny or block cookies. However, certain features and functionality on the NewhomePage website will not function if cookies are disabled.

LSOs. We may use Local Storage Objects (“LSOs”), to store your website preferences and to personalize your visit to our website. LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored. Typically, you cannot control, delete, or disable the acceptance of LSOs through your web browser.

Clear GIFs, tracking pixels and pixel tags, and other technologies. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in functionality to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We may use clear GIFs (a.k.a. web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our website to, among other things, track the activities of website visitors, help us manage content, and compile statistics about website usage. We and our third-party service providers also use clear GIFs in HTML emails to our customers, to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded.

Third-Party Analytics. We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, along with other analytic means, to evaluate usage of our website and services. We use these tools to help us improve our website and services, including the performance and user experiences for each. These third-party devices and applications may use cookies and other tracking technologies to perform their services. Such third parties may combine the information that we provide about you with other information that they have collected. This privacy policy does not cover such third parties’ use of data they collect or obtain.

Do-Not-Track. Currently, our website does not honor browser Do-Not-Track signals.

Third-Party Ad Network

We use third parties such as network advertisers to display advertisements about NewhomePage on third party websites, and to display third-party ads on our website. Network advertisers display advertisements on our sites and on other third-party sites, based on your visits to our website as well as other websites. This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements by displaying ads for products and services in which you might be interested.

Third party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads, to personalize advertising content to you, and to track your movements on website and on other third-party sites. These third party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, and not this one. We may provide these third-party advertisers with de-identified information about your usage of our website and our services, as well as aggregate information about visitors to our website and users of our services; however, we do not share your personal information with these third parties.

You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks, including those operated by members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”). For more information regarding this practice by NAI members and DAA members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to opt-out of third-party ad networks operated by NAI and DAA members, please visit their respective websites: http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout and http://www.aboutads.info/choices.

Your California Privacy Rights

Please refer to our Privacy Notice for California Residents.

Your Colorado Privacy Rights

Please refer to our Privacy Notice for Colorado Residents.

Your Connecticut Privacy Rights

Please refer to our Privacy Notice for Connecticut Residents.

Your Virginia Privacy Rights

Please refer to our Privacy Notice for Virginia Residents.

To Unsubscribe from Our Communications

You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our e-mails, updating your communication preferences, or by sending us email us at sales@NewhomePage.com with Subject: Unsubscribe or postal mail to NewhomePage 10053 Whittwood Dr #1201 Whittier, CA 90603 Attention: Unsubscribe. Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with us or the Subscription Service. 

Updates to the Privacy Policy

NewhomePage may make changes to this privacy statement from time to time. Notice will be provided on this page privacy-policy to any material changes made the policy. These policies outlined above are not intended to and do not create any contractual obligations or other legal rights in or on behalf of any other person or entity.

Contact Information

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement, the ways in which we obtain and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:

Phone: 877-399-1476

Website: www.NewhomePage.com or 

Email: sales@NewhomePage.com

10053 Whittwood Dr #1201
Whittier, CA 90603
Toll free: 877-399-1476
FAX:626 608 2082

Copyright © 2023 NewHomePage